{
  "living room": "Imagine yourself unwinding in this inviting living room!  The centerpiece is a comfortable couch, perfect for relaxing after a long day.  A stylish coffee table provides space for drinks and snacks, while the floor lamp and pendant lighting cast a warm glow throughout the room. There's also plenty of potential to personalize the space.  Picture a cozy rug underfoot, a vibrant houseplant in the corner, or artwork that reflects your taste on the walls. Whether you're entertaining guests or enjoying a quiet night in, this living room promises to be the heart of your home.",
  "kitchen": "The image shows a modern kitchen with sleek blue and white cabinets and stainless steel appliances. The kitchen follows the open floor plan with a large central island made of hazel wood",
  "patio": "The outdoor area has a patio table with four chairs, perfect for al fresco dining.",
  "backyard": "The backyard appears to be a medium-sized, rectangular space with a wooden deck. The deck extends almost the entire length of the house, creating a spacious outdoor entertaining area.  There are stairs leading down from the deck to the pool area, which would be perfect for children or pets to play on.",
  "main bedroom": "The bedroom appears to be clean and tidy, with a king-size bed and a plush gray carpet. The chair positioned next to the bed provides a comfortable spot for reading or relaxing. The window on the far wall allows in plenty of natural light, making the room feel bright and airy.",
  "main bathroom": "The bathroom appears to be modern and well-maintained, with a clean design and neutral finishes.  The bathroom vanity has a  double basin sink with sleek faucets, which would be perfect for a couple or someone who wants extra space to get ready in the morning.  The large mirror above the sink provides ample reflection and  makes the bathroom feel more spacious.  There’s a shower enclosure with a glass door in the corner of the bathroom."
  "study": "This light-filled study offers a perfect spot to focus on work or studies. The large window allows natural light to stream in, making the space feel bright and airy. The built-in desk provides a dedicated workspace, while the shelving above the desk offers plenty of storage for books, binders, or other supplies.  Here are some additional details that may be of interest to a buyer:"
}